Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés
Deer hunting is an old and interesting tradition in the USA.
For many, it's a way of life.
Some say it's expensive, but others enjoy the thrill.
I go hunting every fall, it's fun, but the weather can be tricky, so you have to be ready.
Hunters must get a license, and the number of deer they can hunt is limited.
Many love the challenge, while others do it for the meat.
It's a mix of countable benefits and uncountable rewards.
Ever feel like you're out of your league?
Sometimes, but it's exciting.
Deer hunting can feel out of character for beginners, but with time, it becomes second nature.
Hunters practice often to improve.
My wife thinks I'm out of my mind spending so much time hunting.
Same here.
But I love it.
It's a sport that requires patience and focus.
Things can go out of your hands, and every moment counts.
In the end, deer hunting is more than a sport.
It's about tradition, nature, and connection.
Whether you're seasoned or new, it's an experience that keeps bringing people back.
In the United States, it is estimated that around 6 to 7 million deer are harvested each year,
primarily in states like Texas, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin.
On average, a harvested deer yields approximately 50 to 70 pounds, 23 to 32 kilograms, of consumable
meat, depending on the size and species, such as white-tailed deer, mule deer, etc.
This means the total amount of meat harvested annually ranges from 300 million to 420 million
pounds, 136 million to 190 million kilograms.
That's a significant amount of meat.
Programa producido por Choco Inglés